Make webpage up to date (#104)
Pelagicore/pelux.io: index.md

layout: home
---

# PELUX, an Automotive Reference Integration Platform

PELUX is an agnostic reference integration platform that enables you to build
and develop automotive Linux-based systems without vendor lock-in. As an open
source solution accelerator, PELUX helps you prototype and create
production-ready, converged automotive systems, including advanced
driver-assistance systems (ADAS), telematics units and in-vehicle infotainment
systems.

> The platform, based on Yocto Linux, is complemented with the Luxoft Software

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linux platform, built with Yocto, is complemented with the Luxoft Software
```

Author: Even though the factsheet is as this, I will use your suggestion.
